last fall they are for the excitement
Belarusian information space
still two Belarusians come up with original
the lowest way to advertise on
bike wheels and not just
came up with and intrigued their ideas
investors from Britain and then her
global brands promise soon
developers such miracle bikes will
go all over Minsk
invention at the junction of advertising and science
saw our film crew device
contains 8 rays on which
LEDs are located principle
LED transformation
they constantly change their content
most on the image on the retina
constantly different each better
rotated and the image is constantly
it changes a person perceives it
as a unit of technical nuances and
The visual impression is beautiful and
creatively what advertising needs
today and tomorrow even more
coined by three Belarusians 2 now in
graduate school london and oxford and
a company founded there in
british capital
we had the fact that london a week
approximately committed to 200 from 400,000
cycling runs then there are people
mechanically go to work back 400
thousands of times a week we decided what could
create some kind of cyclists network
use as put maybe
advertisements for each of these bikes
inertia technology
visual perception alone is not
new well use it as it is
New came to Kirill Artem Dmitry
no one thought of them at the end
ends have time for a simple photo or video
loaded with flash drives and we broadcast
have applied for a patent he already
Considered this procedure takes
few years whole patent patent
filed in england
Visit it's called by its own international
such a direction that allows us
patent any other in the future
country of the world what we want that is
international patent
development of the original course in the product
placement and left 15 thousand pounds
Sterling and the year of life but it is
cost them at the exit of selling licenses
technology will be used in ireland
and japan advertising campaign for the world
brands we conducted a number of company for
serious enough brands including
in the general electric
samsung and now contract with one of
Belarusian mobile operators 30
such bicycles will travel around
the capital during the World Cup
hockey so we are one of the first
see there was an advertisement in the city she can
be any well, that's at least our logo
tv channel stop creatives
not going
advertising engine of progress engines
advertising as you can see can be the most
simple main thing to constantly pedal
Maria Sasai Dmitry Paw Our morning